<div class="content"><span>

# alshub

#### basically github for Ableton projects

a tool to organize revisions and provide a change history for ableton projects. projects can be pushed into a cloud based project repository where they can be searched, shared, forked, recovered. users can be organised in groups with shared spaces. this project was born out of personal needs.</span>  

<span>what already works:

*   remote service to provide meta data repositories for published projects and users.
*   a basic desktop application to create, track and restore revisions. this feature works with an underlying remote git repository. all git features work for local project files.
*   project statistic to provide information about which plugins were used
*   identity management
*   basic ui features: notifications, error handling, layout
*   spring boot based local daemon for git filesystem tasks and change event monitoring/pushing
*   standalone c++ service wrapper/manager for win32, win64, osx32, osx64,linux32, linux64

</span><span>what should work:

*   searching the remote origin project/user repository.
*   social feature set. like, comment, fork, download, share projects
*   async headless revision rendering and waveform generation to provide audio data to revisions
*   automatic cluster generation for contributes with high interaction potential on the database generated by a project rating system. with
*   the system should provide a radio like stream with potential liked projects
*   a classic clippy personal assisted reimplementation

</span><span>participate:

*   latest version of the desktop application can be build by hand or a soon provided bash script
*   binary versions for a supported system can be requested
*   registration is open to the public and accounts will stay
*   contributions of any kind are welcome. just mail.
*   request to sash@mischkonsum.org

</span>[https://github.com/my5t3ry/alshub.git](https://github.com/my5t3ry/alshub.git)</div>
